it all starts in a place like a forest
with fields of grass and trees but don't
let it fool you
towering walls around the place you're
right it's the maze in the legends
the main male character is thomas he was
taken here
a group of boys surround him and laugh
at him thomas runs away
but he falls realizing walls block him
but that's at the end
he loses his memory the leader here says
every boy here can't
remember anything they are taken here to
live like caveman
the leader came earliest he has stayed
here for three years
but the point is he doesn't go straight
to the point what happens outside
that door he only says one thing you
can't go there
soon after thomas finds out there are
two older boys run from the door why did
he say we can't cross that door a fat
boy tells him there are only runners
that get permission to go
thomas is a risky kid he goes close to
the door but it turns out
he is pushed back by an older boy thomas
gets mad
are you crazy you don't let me in and
don't even tell me what's inside
at that time they hear a sound the
entrance starts to close
a dark and scary atmosphere wonder
what's going on if we get trapped in
sight
the night has come thomas hears that
sound from the maze
the vice leader says the maze is being
changed
no one survives this maze over a night
because
there's a monster it kills whoever it
meets
the second morning the leader takes
thomas to a wall
there are many names on it but some has
been striked
through those are the dead's names
thomas scribes his name on it
soon afterwards a weird thing happens
thomas
walks to the forest he meets a man it's
a runner his eyes are purely black
and his face is deadly pale he springs
off like a mad dog
and pushes thomas he keeps saying it's
all your fault
thomas was nearly choked to death but
luckily
he kicks that man off and runs away he
runs back to the crowd
everyone quickly put that man down and
pulls up his shirt they're scared by his
deep
wound the monster beat that man so he's
like a madman who ultimately lost his
mind
soon he will become a ghost they have to
bring him to the maze
gate and let the man kill himself the
gate starts to close
the men try to put him inside despite
the desperate begging
they ignore him there's no other way no
one ever wants a zombie with them
on the third day because they lost a
runner the leader has to go into the
maze himself but he
didn't expect what's coming next it's
time to close the gate
but they haven't returned thomas asked
if they can look for them
the young men say no the entrance is
about to close
they probably died at that moment they
see them but there's something wrong
with the leader
he's injured the boy who went with him
couldn't leave him behind
so he tried to bring him back but no one
dares to help them
they just shout when the gate is about
to close
thomas can't bear it anymore the gate
closes
everybody's watching their friends say
goodbye to this world
they can only say hang on there at that
moment thomas feels like his heart is
burning
why do i have to watch my mates dying he
has made a silly yet
brave decision
[Applause]
but he did people say he will die if he
goes in there but he decided to help his
friends
thomas is great minho gets tired laughs
and tells him
good job just kill yourself right no one
can survive the maze over a night
he sees the leader suffering from the
injury once again
he hears that creepy sound from the maze
thomas comes up with an idea he uses a
rope to hung up
the leader but the sound gets closer and
they haven't finished hanging him
up minhu was too scared when he saw the
monster
he run away thomas can't manage to do
the hanging
so he has to hide underneath the ropes
when the monster leaves he ties the
leader and steps out
the monster suddenly shows up from above
thomas tries to run
in the dark maze he runs fast into a
dead end
there's no other way he has to climb up
the monster climbs after him
he jumps off and keeps jumping back and
forth he uses the rope to wrap around
the monster
thomas and minou meet each other they
run together
mino tries to run through and about to
close gate but thomas has stopped
mino shouts it turns out
thomas is waiting for the monster to
come closer he provokes it
then runs as fast as possible the
monster and here run close to the crack
it's getting smaller who will win
[Applause]
the next day the maze opens the gate
thomas and minou take the leader back
everybody is amazed they asked did you
guys see the monster
minou says i did he killed it thomas
becomes a hero
but alba doesn't like him he keeps
talking [ __ ]
behind thomas back another weird thing
happens
the crane hook was lifted it's a girl
that nobody has ever met
there's a piece of paper stuck on her
it's written
she is the last one soon after that
thomas leads a group of men to explore
the maze
they found a locator device on the
monster they took that device back with
them
minou shows thomas the map of the maze
that he has drawn
turns out in the last three years nino
explored every corner of the maze but he
couldn't figure out the exit
he found out that the maze has eight
areas the locator marked number seven
can open the entrance of number seven
the main female character has awakened
but aggressive
thomas sits next to her and says easy
all right
what is this place why can't i remember
anything this is all normal
your name that'll come back to you in a
couple of days one thing that's theresa
what did you say my name is teresa i
have dreamed
recently and i saw you in my dreams why
are we different from them teresa gives
thomas
thanks inside her back two vials of cure
what can they help
suddenly it hits thomas heart the leader
is injured they could be the cure he
takes the man closest to the leader
suddenly the leader grabs his
the leader falls asleep when teresa
gives him a shot of medicine
the next day thomas and minou decided to
find a way out
on their way running out of the giant
maze the scene is getting larger
the reach section number seven it's
fraught with blades
they take the locator device out follow
its single sound until they see a door
mino has never seen this before they
walk into the cave
use that device to open the door when
they're inside an infrared ray scans
over them
then there comes a loud sound the
entrance starts to close
they feel something wrong so they
quickly run run
mino and thomas run crazy a whole path
full of plates
continually closes the crack of the last
blade is their chance to get out of here
suddenly thomas is trapped by a plate he
has to wait until each plate closest to
roy
finally they make it the maze closes
again the giant stone wall is just like
a machine
it starts moving luckily they both can
run
they finally get back to the camp the
leader has woken up
they come to see him with exhausted
faces they say
we can't get out of here turns out he
remembers everything
you're their people but why are you here
thomas doesn't answer
there's a loud sound outside they run
out to see what happens
the entrance has opened even though it's
night time now which means that the
monster is coming a deadly battle is
near
the maze turns darker the monster's
shadow appears
run it's a whole mess the more you run
the higher the possibility that you are
killed
they have to hide inside the shelter the
monster is walking above
the roof is pierced the monster puts its
arm inside and grabs the leader
the leader says the last thing to thomas
after killing a lot of people the
monster goes back they walk
outside the civil conflicts getting more
serious
alba blames thomas he shouldn't think
about fighting back because it will lead
to revenge
he suddenly remembers the leader got
bitten by the monster
the antidote cured him and helped him
get back his memory
then he takes the needle that the
monster dropped and throws it into his
leg
people quickly give him the cure when he
wakes up he does remember
everything it turns out he and the girl
are the last ones
that joined the maze because they didn't
want to do bad things
they were taken here thomas decides to
have everyone live
there but they don't know the power in
the camp has been changed abba is now
the leader
he binds thomas and teresa he takes them
in front of the maze gate he was meant
to punish them
but alba changed his mind he wants to
kill them in the maze there's no other
way
thomas fights back this time everybody
echoes him to fight against alba thomas
encourages everyone to go with into the
maze to find the exit
some agree while others choose to stay
with alba they reach
section number seven there's a monster
here they have to fight together
they rush towards the monster and kill
it they push the monster to a deep hole
but there isn't one monster they fight
and find shelter to hide until they
reach
the deepest place in the cave they use
the locator device to open the door
they lost some members so they need to
get out of there when they move inside
the forest they find a way out
but what happens outside the door is
unusual all the stuff of running the
maze were killed
they were shocked seems like there was a
riot the screen displays a woman
controlling the maze
she tells them a secret that the world
outside is suffering from an apocalyptic
event
people have constructed a dangerous
disease they kill each other
until they found some babies that have
immunity they brought a them to the
experiment
center they lead them to the maze as
soon as she stops the army attacks her
she shoots herself it turns out it's
even scarier on the outside
should we go alba suddenly shows up all
the members of that state where killed
he gets crazy as he was beaten too
finally minute throws cold steel at alba
the fat boy
who used himself as a shield to prevent
the bullet for thomas
died the army has come thomas and the
members follow them and get in the plane
the maze looks scary when they look from
here is this freedom
at that time the last picture is
released the woman that was on screen
stands up
wipes off the fake blood stain she faked
it she says
the experiment is done and will continue
the next stage
the teenagers still can't escape their
plan the maze is the first part
more crazy things await them the world
is keen on putting the children in
trouble
luckily they can still run they are
young they will never step back